I've had some programming experience in university, and have learned some basics of computer graphics, but I've rarely played with circuits except for the schematics learned in high school. Despite the obscurity of its name "interactive media arts," I've gradually come to realize through the development of the course that these two seemingly unrelated topics—one graphical, one physical—not only teach me how to work with software and hardware at the same time, but can also be combined together into a powerful tool to generate interactive projects that connect the computer screen to the real world.

When I do projects for computer science courses, it's all about rigorous and theoretical stuff and I simply focus on the correctness and efficiency of my code, but when computer graphics and physical computing join in, computer programming suddenly becomes a fun and creative experience for me.

While computer science courses teach me some "hard" aspects of coding, interactive media lets me appreciate its other side—the creativity, originality, design, user experience, understandability, and secure coding in computer programming, most of which, however, may not be useful at all from the perspective of a machine, but they can nevertheless endow people—both users and programmers—with more pleasant experience.

Furthermore, interactive media also prepares me for any unpleasant experience. It seems to me that unexpected issues are much more likely to arise in physical computing. Normally, in computer science programming projects, errors occur frequently but it's not hard to analyze them through error messages and debugging techniques. On the other hand, there doesn't seem to be a way to systematically examine physical things on the breadboard, and there could potentially be various problems—loose wire connections, short circuits caused by exposed wires, defective electronics, etc. This can mean frustration, and it can mean constant anxiety, especially when I am under pressure and approaching deadlines to produce something that must work. Nevertheless, I would manage to identify these problems eventually, because I am now always prepared and hopeful in the face of the unexpected, and I have learned to keep patient in the moments of frustrations.
