In his article, Levin focuses mainly on the technical aspects of computer vision. His article is intended for novice programmers, and so I enjoyed reading and thinking about these vision algorithms that can distinguish people and other objects in different ways. I'm rather surprised that there can be so many different methods to accomplish the same goal, and depending on the physical conditions of the scene, the effects of these techniques can be maximized in different kinds of environments. Therefore, it is essential to select the software technique that is best compatible with the available physical conditions.

What amazed me the most is the simplicity of these techniques—frame differencing, background subtraction, brightness subtraction—they're all based on relatively simple ideas and are so easy to understand. When I read their code implementation, I found to my surprise that their lengths are actually even shorter than most of the code that I have attempted to write for very simple programs.

While I might have been too focused on the implementation of these algorithms in different situations, the article also lets me realize the importance of doing it the other way around—to optimize the physical conditions so as to ensure the accuracy and effectiveness of the code. I realize that, often, when it seems rather difficult to track an object using simple algorithms, I may instead try to design a more legible physical environment rather than a more sophisticated software.
