Before this reading, I haven't even realized that some inventions such as glasses are designed for disabilities. 
I guess many people including me have underestimated the importance of design in products for the disabled, but it now turns out that design and disability are inseparably intertangled and can influence each other in numerous ways. 
Myopia, for example, is no longer associated with disability thanks to the successful design of glasses, whose goal shifted from attracting as little attention as possible to the normalization of the designs for disability. Indeed, invisibility should not be a priority in designs for disability. As manufacturers believed that designs for disabilities are not something to be hidden and instead their stylish aspects should be something to embrace and emphasize, wearing glasses is now no longer something to be ashamed of at all; in addition, some people with good vision might even pursue wearing them as a fashion. As a result, glasses have not only retained its original medical purpose but have also been endowed with new aesthetic value. 
On the other hand, the reverse way of influence--that disabilities inspire design--occurs as well, such as the leg splint designed for the injured and disabled personnel by the Eameses, which, while serving its original medical purpose, also catalyzed new design thinking--the origins of plywood, and so it influenced not only the future design for specialist products intended for people with disabilities but also the broader design culture in general. 
As a consequence, while we think that numerous inventions are designed for the mainstream demand and designs for disabilities simply follow mainstream design, some of the inspiration can also arise from the designs for disabilities and the designs under constraints. 